This is not a screensaver. Each point of light is a separate AI employee with its own memory, and right now they're actively working on my business while I speak. Just watch. When I click the eyeball icon here, it shows the names of the different agents that are existing in this space and we can click on any one of them to see what their focus is, what they think the bottleneck is in my business, what action they propose, a proposed deliverable, a casual thought and core beliefs to really bring them to life. Meet Nova, my personal AI army that lives on my computer, the best part is they're working for me 24 7. In the background right here, everyone's talking about AI agents, but 99% of them right now are just marketing hype. They don't at all take any action in the real world. They're not well integrated with the tools that we're already using, so you usually need to go to a different site or use a separate tool to use them.
And there's a host of other issues like accuracy writing, just robotic sending texts, and most importantly, I wanted to check in on them like my little workers. So that's why I built Nova, just to make agents truly interesting to use, engaging to use and actually useful. And the very best part of this system is all of these agents and all of their computing power is accessible in regular chat GPT. So beyond the cosmic ui, this is where you'll actually be interacting with the agents most of the time when you're trying to do productive work. I'll go into the design of this thing as well as the N eight N flows that pull this whole thing together. But first, let me take you back to June 30th, 2023, the day that changed everything. This was about six months after chat GPT first came out, the air was buzzing with excitement.
I was going to meetups in real life about AI every other weekend. And during one of these meetups around June 30th, somebody brought up this GitHub repository. So this is chat dev. The title says Communicative Agents for software development, but you can just think it as different artificial intelligence talking to each other to write code. The idea is each employee has their own responsibility. This person checks for bugs, this person approves if the software is good enough, does a quality control. Actually here are the roles right here. CEO, chief product officer, chief technology officer, programmer reviewer, tester, art designer. And this is exactly what I'm also trying to study here, is understanding collective intelligence. They give the prompt, develop a game, and then the simulation happens. The entire thing happens. Many, many iterations of the agents working together. And you can see the different stages of the process here as far as designing, coding, testing, documenting, and when I first saw this, something just clicked.
I knew AI is supposed to have a video game interface. I mean, I can't speak for everyone, but for me it needs to have a video game interface. And with that, I knew I wasn't going to stop until I had the best, most reliable, most complex, but I forgot about it the very next day because it was just one of the dozens of GitHub repos that were coming out at the time. Do you guys remember Auto GPT? Come on. We got to keep the dream alive guys. Basically, I learned about this two and a half years ago and the inspiration to build something similar didn't hit until just recently, and that's when I started to do a lot of work with NAN. It basically lets you connect any tool that you use with any other tool. It lets you automate a bunch of stuff. It's low code, so even if you're not a programmer, you can make N eight N automations and it has specifically an AI agent node.
And all of these nodes are literally just drag and drop modules. And in this example, I'd link Slack to my personal Slack account and it could send messages on my behalf. So can you see where I'm going with this? Artificial intelligence, an agent using its own model memory, having access to different tools and automatically doing stuff for you. And my journey to N eight N went something like this. So I listened to a lot of Alex Hermo. He's like entrepreneur guy, and he recommends, Hey, if you want to start a business, pick something and niche down. So as I was looking for a possible niche to pursue, I stumbled upon Nick Arrive who shows you basically how to get started making money with ai. So I started building AI automations for small businesses on using make.com and n Aden and selling that work on Upwork, a freelancing website.
And I learned it all from this free content on this channel, by the way. And we both have dark, curly hair, so subscribe. Oh shoot, I'm not even subscribed on this channel. Sorry, I have multiple YouTube channels, I promise. Anyway, I'm also starting to make videos for this God of prompt YouTube channel. As you can see, my beautiful face here and I'll, a lot of them are step-by-step builds and end eight end. So I'm building stuff from scratch showing you how to do it here. Again, I'm on my demo channel, so I'll subscribe, everyone subscribe with me, and I also have my YouTube channel, Instagram whatever. And the reason I mentioned that is because content is very core to a lot of things that I did, you might want Nova to do something completely different and that's fine because again, N eight N is just drag and drop.
You can add the tools that you use. But for me, a lot of the things that I want to automate are like content focused. So like brainstorming or thumbnail ideas or title ideas or hooks or trends. So very simply, here's what we're looking at here. Everything starts with this web hook node. This is the entrance of everything. So originally I was just looking for some kind of UI that could repeatedly give me content that's actually good and not terrible AI sounding. So I was looking at the different AI chatbots, Gemini, Claude Chat, GPT Grok, and I was looking at, hey, do they let you call external APIs in your chat because that would let you augment the abilities of that chat. Instead of me having to build voice mode and just a regular chat functionality inside of Slack, it would all be there, all the updates would be taken care of by that main platform.
And that's what led me to building A GPT as the front end for this because custom GPT have this special feature right here called actions. If you hit the settings here, while I have to hide this now because it's my web hook, URL, but I basically realized actions a feature that's two years old. It came out in November, 2023. They let you call a web hook, and what do we have as the entry point in our N eight N flow, a web hook. So this thing is always on and listening for chat GPT to send some data to this WebBook based on the type of request it routes it to any different flow. I've only built six commands in this so far, but I have a lot more planned. Basically this entire thing was built with the help of Gemini 3.0 pro. That was the AI model I used to help me out here to write all these code nodes, for example.
But instead of showing you in this ugly interface what each of these paths do, why don't we just ask Nova? So let's say list all actions you can perform grouped by use case trend spotting. One of the ideas here is that web search built into chat GPT not so good, at least I've found that it usually defaults to something that's kind of broad international kind of news and it's just not very compelling as far as the content that I want to make. And you can ask Nova to do any of these things in chat at any time. We have the trend mode. We have a mode to get my context profile, custom instructions kind of short. The memories feature keeps track of a bunch of random stuff. All that does is pull in a really, really long prompt from notion that I have stored in here.
So it's everything about me and my business that AI would need to know maybe one to two pages of text in total. The next action it can perform is to draft content. If it grabs a trend and I like it enough, I can ask it to draft content for every platform. For me, every person with a social media presence out there has a campaign, a strategy, and you can build that all in to Nova within the prompts. So I prefer just like an outline so I can actually, my words next action is to consult the board. So it sends a request to our five agents and they all deliberate and come back with a recommendation. Actually, I have the orchestrator agent being the one to summarize everything an agent status report. It lets you check what they're working on, what's their current focus. That also reads from our notion database here is where we're soaring their kind of their personalities, their deliverables, their mood, their focus beliefs, et cetera.
Another cool thing, just a prompting trick is I use hotkey. So I tell it in the prompt of the custom GPT that hey, if the user types this letter to just execute this action. So I'm trying to really shorten the time between your intention to do something and the agents executing it in real life. So as I'm building it, I'm thinking about NOVA as the execution layer of your mind. So again, before I even do anything that Nova's capable of within this custom GPT, as long as you choose the four oh model, you can app mention other gpt. So I can add a text humanizer, a concept explorer, whatever. I have hundreds of GPT that I made, and you can use any of them that are on the marketplace. So this again, just augments Nova visibilities like I dunno a hundred times. That's another reason for choosing chat GPT as the UI for Nova really trying to leverage stackable improvements.
So like it says, if I just hit T for trends, it'll talk to my N eight N instance in the cloud and it then will return the trends and you get this nicely formatted thing with the link. And again, this is stuff that very on topic for a perplexity comment, automations, I'm literally wearing a perplexity t-shirt. So if we want to draft content, we can just tell it. I'll probably add another hot key for that. You can see it's talking to connector, talking to my N eight N instance. Now speed is not Nova's greatest strength right now because N eight N, frankly because it's more highly managed, you don't have to really know how to code. It takes care of that for you. It takes care of a bunch of updates in the background. So because of that, you're trading speed for convenience basically. So there we go, it called our N eight N instance.
You can see what stuff it passed to N eight N and the result that it got from N eight n show you the quick comparison. If we ask chat GPT, the biggest and best model, write a naturally worded LinkedIn post about the top three AI trends happening today. First off, it doesn't have that huge two page paper that we feed to Nova, so it gives me just generic output. But the point is when we drafted that text content chat, GPT sent a request to the web hook, it went to below number three here to draft content. If we follow that down, we see it's a reusable and repeatable chain of events. So what this means is we can improve it systematically. We can test the outputs, we can recreate exactly what got us there. So maybe I would look to change my writing style prompt and if you're interested, here's my writing style prompt I'm using currently.
So I'll just scroll down here so you can grab that if you're interested. Anytime we ask for social media content and it in is setting the writing style prompt so we can edit this, right? If we see any improvements to be made, we get the context profile from Notion, which was that two page document about everything about us and our business. Basic LLM chain. This is using Opus 4.5, that's Claude's most expensive model. We want to get the best results for writing. I personally found that philanthropic and Claude's models do really well with writing. They have more warmth and more natural tone. So that's why we're routing these requests to write social media content to Claude Opus 4.5 and then we send back to the webhook, which pulls the data back into our chat. So yeah, now that you understand that it gets a request routes it based on what the request is, I'll just show you what the N eight end flow is for each of the functions.
So they get context profile, we just grab it from notion and respond to the web hook define trends. We look at my personal Gmail, which is signed up to multiple newsletters. I found that those have really, they return better up-to-date sources of information than default web search in ai. I also use perplexity to find trends with a special prompt. So it's something like act as a trend spotter. You spot stuff immediately and I give an example to try to get it to understand what kind of trends I'm interested in. We merge the data, we extract the top three trends because there's a bunch of stuff returned. So we're using again, an expensive model, Claude Opus 4.5 to extract the best trends. We can even draft example images for our social media posts. Send those back to chat. GPT chat. GT can read the images if they're stored in the cloud.
So if you have a account on image bb.com, you can have Gemini generate these images right in this step and then upload them to this site and then that returns A URL that you can then send a chat. GPT chat. GPT will visualize the image just like this slack node did here. So chat g PT can do it with videos or audio, but it can do it with images. So anyway, that is the find trends function. Then we have draft text content. That's what we just reviewed, agents status report. You can simply ask to grab all the statuses from that notion database that I showed you before that shows their mood and what they think the bottleneck is. We have agent consultation. This is a ad hoc request. This activates a sub flow, which is this flow, right, which I'll get into in a second.
Then we have the agent status. So this is every time you open this Galaxy ui, it calls the same web hook as chat GPT and grabs the statuses of all of the agents from Notion. So this guy agent's consultation, very powerful to consult the agents. Just one more thing on the main flow here. I have a couple of really long notes that I've just appended down. This is like a prompt that I'm giving to AI so it understands this entire system. So if I want to build another function on top of it, I can just feed this prompt into AI and just tell it, Hey, I want to build something, and it'll already know, oh, you have this web hook that does this. I don't have to re-explain everything every single time. The image models here are really leaning into Google's suite of tools, and here's just a miscellaneous part I deactivated.
If we wanted to make videos, imagine we have an ad hoc request to the agents. Bam, we activate this sub node, which is this. I have a bunch of notes up here, which I can go over later. But effectively this can be triggered by two things. One is if it's triggered by a custom GPT. If you said, Hey, I want to consult the board or the group of agents, that is this bottom flow and you signal, hey, this was not scheduled. This was an ad hoc request on the top, it's every six hours. The agents come together and consult anyways. So it signals to the rest of the flow. Hey, this is not an ad hoc request. You have to do something different. Again, we grab that beautiful two-page context profile, which makes everything so much more personable and rich. We get the board of advisors, their mood, their personality, their approach.
Then we set the prompt depending on if it was triggered by this guy or this guy, we tell the agents to do a different thing here. We separate the flow into two main paths. The first is the board. That's four agents right now. The skeptic, Alex or Moey, Nicks arrive and the empiricist and then the orchestrator. The fifth agent goes on a separate path after the four guys have convened and gotten their feedback. The orchestrator combines everything and presents it to you, but also to Chad GPT itself. For the four main agents, we go to this network of agents node and we're using open router here. Open router is a big cheat code that I use throughout this flow. So if I double click into that, I just see I have access to every model, deep seek company, completely different than Google a company completely different than meta.
I can use all of these models from all of these different publishers. There's open AI models. So by doing that, you see I can use Gemini 2.5 flash and send that result back to Chad GPT. I can effectively use open router to use any model. After I'm done testing, I'm going to move away from the flash model and go away to one of the better models. So by the time you're watching this, that's my cats. By the time you're watching this, the video or video, by the time you're watching this, the models might be named completely different, but the point still stands. So I've been routing all of my AI usage here through this API key and it's so far accumulated me $4 only. They update their database in Notion, which I showed you guys earlier. Write all this different columns of what they're feeling, what they think their next action should be, merge with.
Well that's not important. We just go to the orchestrator then to combine everything. Then we store that in the orchestrator database specifically because we've already updated for the other guys down here. Note that each agent has their own MongoDB memory. So this is just a very simplified, it has only a 10 context window length. So I think that's maybe like five full messages back and forth, but you can make this a hundred MongoDB is going to be really effective at saving your conversation history. Here are the five agents and their array of memory. So for each message to them and for each response that they give, they create an item and the agent IDs are different for each and they each have their own separate memories. That's important that they don't meld memories. So imagine every six hours they get together and update all of this stuff except for their focus and core beliefs.
Everything else gets updated with that. Every six hours flow. So their proposed action, their bottleneck, casual thought, et cetera, everything gets updated. The other thing I want to do, which is not built in here yet is for them, okay, they have a proposed deliverable, like a productized service playbook. Perfect. I would love to build that actually I would love to actually give them a workspace in Google Drive so they could just make a doc and I could review it. Not only that, they actually need to critique each other because right now the request is just going through one by one to actually make this have any kind of tangible benefit. They need to debate each other. They need to actively challenge each other's answers. There's a study by researchers at MIT and Google DeepMind that says, when you have a mixture of experts and they debate answers, if you force them to answer critique and revise on a loop that it actually increases accuracy of AI responses.
They found that accuracy can jump from 60 to 90% just from that change. So that's what I'm trying to implement here. And here is the study I was talking about. If you're interested. So cool, we have a chat GPT UI talking to our custom N eight N thing in the background. It can do whatever we want, but it was still missing something and here's the moment that put it all together for me. So if you didn't know, I do a lot of videos for God of prompt here and you can see I do these videos where I compare the same prompt in different AI tools and I see which one is the best. So along this journey I was testing Claude Opus. So when I was doing these simulations, one of the things I started doing were these kind of physics simulations of galaxies crashing or something, and I thought that this particle effect was pretty cool.
So I took the script, that one I just showed you here and I told Claude Opus 4.5 brand new model from Anthropic, like take it and make it a screensaver, which gave us this result. Now can you imagine if Nova looked like this would not have been as cool? So I literally just said the colors are too cartoonish. The gold ring around the middle is weird and to make it more like a particle simulation vibe. So it gave us this screensaver with the different sliders here to control everything, and I just want to show you guys how absolutely easy vibe coding this stuff is. You just talk to AI in normal language. I just said I love how the stars flicker when they're far away. If you notice when they're far, they go in and out. I was noticing that there's kind of a black box around this guy.
So I said remove that. So this is just vibe coding at its finest. You just tell the AI what you want to see and it does it. I probably was talking in a different chat for about 30 minutes or so about exactly what I wanted this thing to be and then I gave it this prompt. So I said, we're going to have five bigger and more intuitive to click on stars, which will always be in frame, dah, dah, dah. I said basically on initial load we call the N eight N webhook, which checks notion and returns all data to this app. So I'm literally just explaining what I have built in N eight N in the simplest terms possible. So it's like no secret trick here it is just literally explaining what is there. The data will be all five agents names, they're bottleneck but will be in that drill down.
When you click on one of the stars, we'll slowly and satisfyingly zoom into the star with our webhook info populated in a nice minimalist UI and add an eyeball button to toggle the names of the agents slash stars. That's all it really took to get from the original thing to this result. You don't want to iterate too much with the AI with these big coding projects because it takes the entire conversation history every time you talk to it. So if you think about all the improvements you want to see in one response, it's better. You can do more improvements per conversation and you see basically we're almost at the finished result here. Here's the part in the conversation where I ask to be able to rotate it around and zoom in and out with my mouse wheel and that's basically it. I just tweaked this with natural language until I was able to open the actual file, right?
It's just providing a single page HTML file until I'm able to open that and then it actually contains the data from my webhook and you can host this in versa or something like that. They make it easy to host single page web apps. You can hit settings here and click refresh agent data to get the latest if they have convened since then, if that six hours has passed can change the particle speed, the bloom, the rotation, make everything stand still. If we want, we can change the glow of the stars as well and show and hide the names. Okay, so now you understand everything, right? JG PT is the UI sends stuff to N eight. N. N eight N is the brain. It coordinates with our four agents and they store stuff in notion in MongoDB. Then once they're done thinking, they return stuff to N Naden and N Naden refreshes the status in our ui, right?
Our cosmic UI and also returns the data to our chat GPT ui. I have this raspberry pie behind me right now that I'll probably show some closeups of, but you can see I'm able to have the exact same experience. I out here, I'm able to have the exact same experience and all the live data, all of my agents interacting here and it's available in my living room, which is kind of sweet. So what the heck are the benefits of this? Why should you even care about this? Number one, most agents today are marketing gimmicks. This fixes that. So here we have an AI agent In N End, you can add any amount of tools that you want. You can use the best models, great database to store your chat memory. You can choose any tool that you want to connect with from Gmail to your calendar to Airtable, YouTube.
You can choose any of these tools. You can do any arbitrary API requests to tools that you use. Basically these agents are infinitely like extendable. Another benefit is you can use any model in CHATT PT, right? I'm using these Claude and Gemini models in chat GPT. Another benefit is chat. GPT handles 90% of the experience here, so I don't need to come in here and update this, right? If anything like this breaks, they're constantly updating their voice mode, their dictation mode, all of these different features like deep research, web search, et cetera. So they're always enhancing this in the background. I don't need to worry about that or the reliability of the front end itself. Another big benefit is you can use your built-in custom instructions and memory from chat GPT. You don't have to reinvent the wheel there. So this will work with text to speech mode, this dictate mode, but it will not work with voice mode.
This live voice mode here, it's not able to call actions. Another thing this solves is actually good outputs. So I define actually good, effectively something you could show someone else and they wouldn't know it's written by AI or at least something that's personalized to me and inspires me to want to make content. This will give me better micro trends than just regular web search. Again, because I can augment it with a ton of stuff. I could think of a hundred RSS feeds to augment my current trend detector tool with Reddit, API, Twitter API, to grab the latest trends. I could enhance that so much once I implement them. Actually debating that will give a noticeable accuracy increase to the outputs. I believe. Again, it's infinitely extensible with N eight N. You can add whatever integrations you want. It uses open router. So if any model goes down, you get automatically routed to a working one.
And most importantly, it's fun to feel like you have your own little AI army. In fact, I even asked Nova, I sent the request to the board, why should people watching set up Nova? Why should they even take the time? Because you're building direct leverage. So what do I want to build on Nova next? The first thing is better posts. Text posts are hard to get right with AI because they're just so robotic and so terrible by default. It's really hard to embed any kind of human element into it. I want to implement a master steering prompt. So something that says every single response and for every agent be more casual or be more formal or something that would just steer the output of the entire system. More agent tools. Right now my agents are just using, they're just kind of going in a linear fashion, but I could give them more tools to work with like my calendar, my Gmail inbox, et cetera.
My context profile right now, I'm just throwing four pages into the AI every time and ideally it should be in a database and we should be retrieving that with rag. So it's just a more efficient way to do that. I want to add workspaces where they can actually make docs, slide decks, et cetera. I want to add a human in the loop approval system. So my plan is to use go to human for that. The tool builder agents can write their own code, upload it to GitHub and build their own tools. They can write a tool, deploy it and call it via an API. So I thought that was a cool thing that it can extend itself its own capabilities and it's easy. It's like everything is available and N it and these integrations. Ultimate fallback would be browser automation. So I learned about this tool called Air Top, which lets agents click buttons and browse websites.
So if in fact none of the AI agents have tools available or they can't do something which is web search or whatever, they can fall back on this browser automation, which would let them simply click through the browser. And I believe Air top has everything we need. You can store your credentials in there so AI can act as you logged into your accounts. That is the upgrades I have planned. Oh yeah. And for the raspberry pie that's in this thing, it's basically an industrial touchscreen here and the raspberry pie, you unscrew the back of that thing and put the raspberry pie in there. And then I learned how to deploy the thing with Gemini 3.0 pro. Load an operating system onto the raspberry pie, put your code for the cosmic UI into GitHub and then you load it onto the raspberry pie and you tell it, Hey, every time you boot up, load the solar system.
So what if you want to use Nova or build it for yourself? Well, I'm going to give the N-N-J-S-O templates away for free on Gumroad and I need to record the video still on how to set it up and how to troubleshoot in case you have any issues. But this is all going to be for free on a Gumroad. What I'm also going to do is sell a done for you service. So if you want me to build a for you, I can do that, but of course I charge because it's like a really complex build and yeah, there's only one of me. So check the link in the description for the free download for all this templates and the video instructions that go along with it. So anyway, that's going to be it for today's video. Hope you enjoyed. If you have any questions about this system, let me know in the comments. If you think it's completely stupid and there's no benefit, lemme know in the comments and I'll see you guys in the next video piece.

